g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
g:\users7\denos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
